Add relationships, filters and sparse-fieldsets pages (#9)
MewsSystems/gitbook-pos-api: essential-guide/relationships.md

Relationships may be `to-one` or `to-many`.

A relationship’s name is given by its key. A relationship object contains a `data` key. The `data` key is a [resource identifier object](https://jsonapi.org/format/#document-resource-identifier-objects) and contains the following members:

| Property | Type | Contract | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| `id` | string | required, max length 36 characters | Universally unique ID (UUID) that identifies the related object. |
| `type` | string | required | The [type](https://jsonapi.org/format/#document-resource-object-identification) member is used to describe resource objects that share common attributes and relationships. |

Mews POS API, as per the JSON:API specification, supports inclusion of related resources through the `include` query parameter.

## The `include` query parameter

> The client can request the inclusion of related resource in response using the `include` query parameter with comma separated values e.g. `?include=relatedResourceA,relatedResourceB`. For example, a request to [Invoices](../operations/invoices.md) resource with `?include=register,invoice_items` will include the related register and invoice items data for each invoice in response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API client can request the inclusion of related resources in the response, using the `include` query parameter with comma separated values `?include=relatedResourceA,relatedResourceB`. For example, a request to the [Invoices](../operations/invoices.md) endpoint with `?include=register,invoice_items` will generate a response that includes the related register and invoice items data for each invoice.
```
